Template changes & usage instructions (#1)
CSCfi/Minio-OpenShift: README.md

# Minio-OpenShift

> This template deploys a private object store using [Minio](https://min.io/) in [Rahti](https://rahti.csc.fi/), CSC's OpenShift cluster. The template creates a single pod deployment for Minio, which uses PVC as a backend volume for storing data. PVC size is provided to template as parameters & existing PVC could be also used. Please follow [Minio User Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/) for usage of Minio object store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template for deploying a private S3 API supporting object store [Minio](https://min.io/) in [Rahti](https://rahti.csc.fi/), CSC's Kubernetes cluster. The template creates a single pod deployment for Minio from [minio/minio](https://hub.docker.com/r/minio/minio) public container image. The application uses a persistent volume as a backend data storage. The volume size is provided as a template parameter for a newly created persistent volume, but if an existing volume of the given name exists a new one will not be created and Rahti will issue an error but the Minio instance will still utilize the existing volume. Please follow [Minio User Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/) for usage of Minio object store.
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: Possibly ditch Usage-chapter altogether?

Author: If it doesn't harm lets keep it here for now, we can remove Usage chapter excluding Parameters table when we add it to Rahti user guide

Author: @juhanikataja so all the changes except removal of Usage section in Readme have been committed, Pls review PR & merge devel to Master if they are ok.
P.S.: I have done sanity testing of latest mini template & it works fine
